Update azure_blob_storage.adoc (#32)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/inputs/azure_blob_storage.adoc

=== `targets_input`

CAUTION: This is an experimental field that provides an optional source of download targets, configured as a xref:components:inputs/about.adoc[regular Redpanda Connect input]. Each message yielded by this input should be a single structured object containing a field `name`, which represents the blob to be downloaded.

> This requires setting up https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/event-schema-blob-storage[Azure Blob Storage as an Event Grid source^] and an associated event handler that a Redpanda Connect input can read from. For example: 
> 
> * https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/handler-event-hubs[Azure Event Hubs] using the `kafka` input, or 
> * https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/handler-event-grid-namespace-topic[Namespace topics] using the `mqtt` input

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requires setting up https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/event-schema-blob-storage[Azure Blob Storage as an Event Grid source^] and an associated event handler that a Redpanda Connect input can read from. For example, use either of the following: 

* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/handler-event-hubs[Azure Event Hubs] using the `kafka` input 
* https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/event-grid/handler-event-grid-namespace-topic[Namespace topics] using the `mqtt` input
```
